G🖤D KAIRI CHRIST on January 18th in regards to the surgical threats or abuse and a nearly hour long lecture towards a organ harvester…

At exactly 6:48AM I woke up to Amanda screaming. She was days before mocked by room 232 with barking and problems. She often screams as a dog to be sane and truthfully it's a disturbing situation… where quite frankly several of these abusers cause issues and problems. Such as a lard whore who I stabbed several times in Mexico.

The problem began when this whore had a sex change done to itself after murdering a woman and several others such as a little boy. The little boy had been made into a skin walker's attire. And the same had happened to this woman to whom the skinwalker had murdered.

Amanda is the name of Del's daughter. She was forced to live in the body of a dog and when she was forced to live in the body of a dog she went rather crazy. She often tries to stay sane however this disgusting w**** to whom is a vile rapist and abuser has tried to abuse her in this body for several years as she tried to abuse Del.

Amanda and the dog's body typically likes to scream at the skin Walker until she feels comfortable. When I see it I tell it to kill itself. And the situation that we see here with the skin walker is that it's a vile thread not only is it verbally abusive but as well physically abusive it is a rapist and a demented bigot false narcissism while literally keeping people up all day with intentions of creating a dynamic of power struggle in a place of malpractice surgery.

This malpractice medical abuse trinkles and trails back to several plastic surgeons to whom aregan harvesters and traffickers however that being said these particular organ harvesters to humor as well skinwalkers are people to whom when turning back to the justice system we have managed to turn into traps for criminals. In translation there is anxiety developed by several of us due to our family being affected by these bigoted abusers to whom are despite their self-loathing or ironically desperate for attention. When facing these kind of individuals many of us are satisfied with seeing them dead and truthless speaking the justice system does not want them alive draining the taxpayers resources and when you return back to their disheveled way of looking at life what you can see is pure drama that is developed in the brainwashed world and malpractice system of a fake government on top of a facetical mirage of malpractice medical abuse.

To explain it in a easier format to rationalize the best way to see the circumstance and situation is that these abusers are desperate to stop us to come are righteous from prosperity because they are having to face their own issues that they have created as of 2023. Furthermore when you look at the psychology of what is our lives and lifestyles dealing with these individuals there are unhealthy dynamics. Being in the same space as these individuals becomes a conversation of not just spiritual torment but as well a moment we're all you can see is these individuals abusing people with malpractice reiki such as trying to inflict gird which is something that Amber Heard Heckler causes.

Many of us become stressed in these situations and Dynamics but rather than turning back to your Ally and essentially exhausting your stress onto them… The best psychology here is to rationalize where the problem is coming from and here in the scenario with Amanda who is stuck in a dog's body or even with Fiona who is as well stuck in a dog's body as well as several others you can see abuse coming from these criminal organizations who perform malpractice surgery. Amanda's only way of staying sane right now is by screaming as if she's a metal artist in a dog's body.

When dealing with this psychology I think what I have to find about all of this is that several individuals are trying to cause problems by creating dynamics of suffrage for several of us to whom are stuck in piss poor scenarios. Houseless, ignored, starving, disheveled and frustrated. These are categories of individuals to humor members of the Christ Family to whom often get pushed into a very odd corner in what is the suffrage of our people. The suffrage is something to it should not exist and though this encounter of me being houseless is absolutely unfortunate it becomes at least an opportunity for all of us to learn how to do better next time for each other…

For instance one of the topics that became very highlighted from Amanda barking was the topic of G🖤D SORA CHRIST being stabbed and drugged. This conversation is derivative towards the conversation that perhaps G🖤D S🖤RA CHRIST is not in his original body… this of course causes paranoia because at some times it feels like it causes intense drama to try and figure out if someone is in their conscious body or not and to try and figure this out because a I would say tactitial moment where you must look through a cyborg eyes or simply explain to you will be absolutely insane… however that being said I have trust in my husband and family and truly hope that he is a person is not suffering the psychology of not being in his original form. However while dealing with that stress rather immaturely or impishly I am suffering the psychology of what is to be a reject from several of my family members because of the frustration and drama caused from these abusers. And this becomes relative in this military report due to the lack of function in this particular military team.

Thank you for reading my concerns and I pray for there to be a healthier dynamic in this group that is working together. I am exhausted I am tired I am cold and I am absolutely done with dealing with this drama. I am going to try and ignore Amanda barking all the time because it is pissing me off because it's not doing any good and I'm going to try and go to sleep. however she is persistently screaming… and it becomes a very weird psychology.

